Feat: accounts counter and storage refactoring (#11)
aurora-is-near/aurora-engine-migration-tool: README.md

# Aurora Engine migration tools

[![Project license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Public%20Domain-blue.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
[![Build](https://github.com/aurora-is-near/aurora-engine-migration-tool/actions/workflows/builds.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/aurora-is-near/aurora-engine-migration-tool/actions/workflows/builds.yml)
[![Lints](https://github.com/aurora-is-near/aurora-engine-migration-tool/actions/workflows/lints.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/aurora-is-near/aurora-engine-migration-tool/actions/workflows/lints.yml)

Migration tools for [Aurora Engine](https://github.com/aurora-is-near/aurora-engine) contract. 

It is a set of tools for parsing, indexing, preparing migration, and 
migrating data from the [Aurora Engine](https://github.com/aurora-is-near/aurora-engine) contract 
to the new [aurora-eth-connector](https://github.com/aurora-is-near/aurora-eth-connector) contract.

### The set of tools includes

- `parser` - parse for Aurora Engine state snapshot

> - `indexer` - indexing NEAR blockchain blocks for Aurora Engine contract

Reviewer: I would rephrase this definition:
```suggestion
- `indexer` - indexing NEAR blockchain blocks which include transactions of Aurora Engine contract
```

- `prepare-migrate-indexed` - prepare data for migration from indexed data
- `migration` - migrate Aurora Engine contract NEP-141 state to `aurora-eth-connector` contract.
- `CLI` - commands and parameters to interact with the application.

# How it works

## Parser

In order to parse data, it is generally necessary to have a state 
snapshot of the Aurora Engine contract. This snapshot should reflect a 
certain state of the contract at a particular point in time. The 
snapshot must be provided as a json file.

Parsing essentially does the following - it collects all existing 
accounts and their balances, as well as proof key records. Other data 
are not significant.

**What is this data for?** To transfer the state of accounts and their 
balances, as well as deposit proofs from the `Aurora Engine` contract 
to the new `aurora-eth-connector` contract. And in this case, parsing 
`Aurora Engine` state snapshot collects the necessary data and writes 

> it to the resulting file, serializing it using `borsh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it to the resulting file. The collected data is serialized by `borsh`.
```
